Now we've got the basics of an app setup,
right,
we can go to a dashboard, but we need to
actually do something with this dashboard.
In order to get the dashboard to respect
the client-side routes in Gatsby,
we need to use an API
hook called onCreatePage.
So we're just gonna export a function,
exports.onCreatePage,
and Gatsby will run that.
So this is going to give us two things.
A page object, which is the page
that is being loaded, and
then actions that we can
perform on that page.
So, inside of this,
we're gonna check if the page
path matches, and we're gonna use
a regular expression for this.
So we're gonna check if
it matches dashboard.
And as long as it starts with dashboard,
then we know that we wanna rewrite
it to the dashboard component.
So to make that happen,
we use page.matchPath.
And we're gonna set that to equal
any extension of dashboard.
So dashboard slash anything is gonna get
rerouted to the dashboard component.
And once we've made this change,
we're going to hit actions.createPage and
pass in our page.
So upon doing this,
we can stop and restart.
And once this gets running for
us, We should
be able to see that over here,
now we hit our dashboard.
Any route will bring us
back to the dashboard.
So this gives us the ability
now to actually build
a dashboard that will have
private routing in it.